Data File: FACTJEW(Description Only Codebook)

1) LIST
List


2) FRISERVE
Please describe the worship services your congregation holds on a typical Shabbat. For each day or time on a typical weekend, write in the number of worship services held on each day or time: Friday


3) SATABSER
Please describe the worship services your congregation holds on a typical Shabbat. For each day or time on a typical weekend, write in the number of worship services held on each day or time: Saturday (with a Bar/Bat Mitzvah)


4) SATANSER
Please describe the worship services your congregation holds on a typical Shabbat. For each day or time on a typical weekend, write in the number of worship services held on each day or time: Saturday (without a Bar/Bat Mitzvah)


5) FRIATT
Please describe the worship services your congregation holds on a typical Shabbat. For each day or time on a typical weekend, write in the average (or typical) attendance for all services on this day or time: Friday 


6) SATABATT
Please describe the worship services your congregation holds on a typical Shabbat. For each day or time on a typical weekend, write in the average (or typical) attendance for all services on this day or time: Saturday (with a Bar/Bat Mitzvah)


7) SATANATT
Please describe the worship services your congregation holds on a typical Shabbat. For each day or time on a typical weekend, write in the average (or typical) attendance for all services on this day or time: Saturday (without a Bar/Bat Mitzvah)


8) SIMSTYLE
If you hold more than one service on a typical Shabbat, how different are these services from each other?


9) WORSHCH
During the past five years, has your congregation changed the style of any of its weekend worship services or added a new service with a different style of worship?


10) WORSH10F
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Friday Evening 2010


11) WORSH10S
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Saturday Morning 2010


12) WORSH09F
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Friday Evening 2009


13) WORSH09S
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Saturday Morning 2009


14) WORSH08F
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Friday Evening 2008


15) WORSH08S
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Saturday Morning 2008


16) WORSH07F
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Friday Evening 2007


17) WORSH07S
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Saturday Morning 2007


18) WORSH06F
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Friday Evening 2006


19) WORSH06S
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Saturday Morning 2006


20) WORSH05F
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Friday Evening 2005


21) WORSH05S
So far in 2010 and for the past five years, estimate the average attendance at your regular Shabbat worship services. Estimate the attendance for all Shabbat services combined. Do not include weddings or funerals. Saturday Morning 2005


22) CHOIR
How often are the following a part of your congregation's regular Shabbat worship services? Choir is a part of worship


23) ORGAN
How often are the following a part of your congregation's regular Shabbat worship services? Organ is a part of worship


24) DRUMS
How often are the following a part of your congregation's regular Shabbat worship services? Drums or other percussion instruments are a part of worship


25) ELECTRIC
How often are the following a part of your congregation's regular Shabbat worship services? Electric guitar or bass are a part of worship


26) SCREEN
How often are the following a part of your congregation's regular Shabbat worship services? Visual projection equipment is a part of worship


27) KIDREAD
How often are the following a part of your congregation's regular Shabbat worship services? Reading or performing by children or youth is a part of worship


28) REVERENT
How well do the following describe your congregation's largest regular Shabbat worship service? Worship is reverent


29) GODTHERE
How well do the following describe your congregation's largest regular Shabbat worship service? Filled with a sense of God's presence


30) JOYFUL
How well do the following describe your congregation's largest regular Shabbat worship service? Worship is joyful


31) INNOVATE
How well do the following describe your congregation's largest regular Shabbat worship service? Worship is innovative


32) INSPIRE
How well do the following describe your congregation's largest regular Shabbat worship service? Worship is inspirational


33) THOUGHT
How well do the following describe your congregation's largest regular Shabbat worship service? Worship is thought-provoking


34) SSCHOOL
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Religious school


35) PRAYER
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Prayer or meditation groups


36) ADLTSTDY
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Adult text studies


37) FELLOWSH
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Fellowships, trips or other social activities


38) MUSIC
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Music program


39) RETREAT
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Spiritual retreats


40) SUPPORTG
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Support groups (bereavement, job loss, 12-step)


41) COMMSERV
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Community service activities


42) PARENT
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Parenting or marriage enrichment activities


43) YADULT
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Young adult activities or programs


44) YOUTHACT
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Youth [teen] activities or programs


45) SPORTS
Does your congregation have any of the following programs or activities? Team sports, fitness activities, exercise classes


46) ISRALACT
Overall, to what extent are your congregation's active participants involved in recruiting new people? Congregation's active participants are involved in recruiting new people [ISRAELACT]


47) EVENTS
During the past 12 months, how often did your congregation hold special events or programs to attract people from the community (such as concerts, fairs, seminars, plays, special meals, etc.)? Held special events or programs to attract people


48) NOVISIT
How are visitors contacted after they attend worship services or other activities? We rarely, if ever, have any visitors


49) NOCONTAC
How are visitors contacted after they attend worship services or other activities? We rarely, if ever, contact our visitors


50) BYMAIL
How are visitors contacted after they attend worship services or other activities? We contact visitors by mail


51) BYPHONE
How are visitors contacted after they attend worship services or other activities? We contact visitors by phone


52) BYEMAIL
How are visitors contacted after they attend worship services or other activities? We contact visitors by e-mail


53) BYVISIT
How are visitors contacted after they attend worship services or other activities? We contact visitors by personal visit


54) BYMATER
How are visitors contacted after they attend worship services or other activities? We send materials about our congregation to our visitors


55) SOUP_N
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Food pantry or soup kitchen-No


56) SOUP_Y1
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Food pantry or soup kitchen-Provided directly


57) SOUP_Y2
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Food pantry or soup kitchen-Together with another group


58) CASH_N
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Cash assistance for individuals or families-No


59) CASH_Y1
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Cash assistance for individuals or families-Provided directly


60) CASH_Y2
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Cash assistance for individuals or families-Together with another group


61) DCARE_N
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Day care, preschool, before- or after-school programs-No


62) DCARE_Y1
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Day care, preschool, before- or after-school programs-Provided directly


63) DCARE_Y2
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Day care, preschool, before- or after-school programs-Together with another group


64) TUTOR_N
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Tutoring or literacy programs: No


65) TUTOR_Y1
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Tutoring or literacy programs: Provided directly


66) TUTOR_Y2
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Tutoring or literacy programs: Together with another group


67) HEALTH_N
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Health education, clinics, [congregational nurse]: No


68) HEALTHY1
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Health education, clinics, [congregational nurse]: Provided directly


69) HEALTHY2
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Health education, clinics, [congregational nurse]: Together with another group


70) COMORG_N
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Community organizing, organized social issue advocacy: No


71) COMORGY1
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Community organizing, organized social issue advocacy: Provided directly


72) COMORGY2
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Community organizing, organized social issue advocacy: Together with another group


73) JOBED_N
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Job placement, job training, employment counseling: No


74) JOBED_Y1
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Job placement, job training, employment counseling: Provided directly


75) JOBED_Y2
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Job placement, job training, employment counseling: Together with another group


76) FINED_N
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Financial counseling or education: No


77) FINED_Y1
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Financial counseling or education: Provided directly


78) FINED_Y2
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Financial counseling or education: Together with another group


79) OLDPRO_N
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Elderly or homebound programs: No


80) OLDPROY1
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Elderly or homebound programs: Provided directly


81) OLDPROY2
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Elderly or homebound programs: Together with another group


82) VOTEED_N
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Voter education or registration: No


83) VOTEEDY1
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Voter education or registration: Provided directly


84) VOTEEDY2
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Voter education or registration: Together with another group


85) IMMPRO_N
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Programs for migrants or immigrants: No


86) IMMPROY1
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Programs for migrants or immigrants: Provided directly


87) IMMPROY2
During the past 12 months, did your congregation provide any of the following services for your own members or for people in the community? If yes, did you provide these services directly or together with another congregation or group? Programs for migrants or immigrants: Together with another group


88) GOODPRAY
How much does your congregation emphasize the following personal and family religious practices? Emphasize personal prayer, meditation, devotions or other spiritual practices


89) STUDYBIB
How much does your congregation emphasize the following personal and family religious practices? Emphasize personal scripture or Bible study [Personal Torah study]


90) GOODHOLY
How much does your congregation emphasize the following personal and family religious practices? Emphasize Keeping Shabbat holy [Observing special practices or restrictions on Shabbat]


91) GOODVEG
How much does your congregation emphasize the following personal and family religious practices? Emphasize observing dietary restrictions [Fasting]


92) NOSHACK
How much does your congregation emphasize the following personal and family religious practices? Emphasize abstaining from premarital sex


93) PARENTS
How much does your congregation emphasize the following personal and family religious practices? Emphasize parents talking with their children about being Jewish


94) EMAIL
Which of the following technologies does your congregation use on a regular basis? E-mail


95) WEBSITE
Which of the following technologies does your congregation use on a regular basis? Website


96) BLOGS
Which of the following technologies does your congregation use on a regular basis? Blogs


97) FACEBOOK
Which of the following technologies does your congregation use on a regular basis? Facebook or other social media


98) PODCASTS
Which of the following technologies does your congregation use on a regular basis? Podcasts


99) OTHTECH
Which of the following technologies does your congregation use on a regular basis? Other


100) TECH1
Other technology mentioned


101) FAMILY
Do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? Our congregation: Is like a close-knit family


102) VITAL
Do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? Our congregation: Is spiritually vital and alive


103) PURPOSE
Do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? Our congregation: Has a clear mission and purpose


104) BEACON
Do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? Our congregation: Is a 'moral beacon' in our community


105) CHANGE
Do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? Our congregation: Is willing to change to meet new challenges


106) WANTGROW
Do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? Our congregation: Wants to grow in membership [participants]


107) BELIEFS
Do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? Our congregation: Holds strong beliefs and values


108) OKDENOM
Celebrates denominational heritage


109) DIVERSE
Do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? Our congregation: Wants to be racially and culturally diverse


110) JUSTICE
Do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? Our congregation: Is working for social justice


111) THEOLIB
How would you describe the theological outlook of the majority of your regularly participating adults?


112) MEMUNIT
MemUnits3K


113) MEMBERS
How many persons (including children) regularly participate in worship or other religious activities in your congregation?


114) NATAMS
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the number who are: American Indian/Alaska Native


115) ASIANS
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the number who are: Asian


116) PACIFICI
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the number who are: Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander


117) BLACKS
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the number who are: Black or African American


118) HISPANIC
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the number who are: Hispanic or Latino/a


119) WHITE
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the number who are: White


120) MULTI
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the number who are: Biracial/multiracial


121) SENIORS
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the percent who are: Senior adults, age 65 or older


122) MIDDLEAG
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the number who are: Adults, age 50-64


123) MEDADULT
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the number who are: Adults, age 35-49


124) YADULTS
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the number who are: Younger adults, age 18-34


125) KIDYTH
Of your regular participants (the figure given above), estimate the number who are: Children and youth, age 0-17


126) FEMALES
Of your total regular participants age 18 and older, estimate the percent who are: Female


127) COLLEGE
Of your total regular participants age 18 and older, estimate the percent who are: College graduates


128) NEWMEMB
Of your total regular participants age 18 and older, estimate the percent who are: New to this congregation in the past five years


129) LIFELONG
Of your total regular participants age 18 and older, estimate the percent who are: Life-long members of denomination


130) NEARBY
Of your total regular participants age 18 and older, estimate the percent who are: Living within 15 minutes of this congregation's place of worship


131) EVERYONE
How many people are associated in any way with the religious life of your congregation?


132) LEADTYPE
Type of leadership structure


133) LEADAGE
Please describe the principal rabbi of your congregation: Age _____ years old


134) LEADSEX
Please describe the principal rabbi of your congregation:


135) EMPLOY
Please describe the principal rabbi of your congregation: Employment status


136) CALL
Please describe the principal rabbi of your congregation: Permanent or temporary status


137) CLERGEDU
Please describe the principal rabbi of your congregation: Highest level of education


138) YEARCALL
Please describe the principal rabbi of your congregation: This person became the principal rabbi of your congregation in what year?


139) LEADWORS
How much time does your principal rabbi spend in the following areas? Time spent planning and leading worship


140) LEADVIS
How much time does your principal rabbi spend in the following areas?  Time spent developing and promoting a vision and purpose for the congregation


141) DOEVAN
How much time does your principal rabbi spend in the following areas? Time spent recruiting and training lay leaders


142) DOTRAIN
How much time does your principal rabbi spend in the following areas? Time spent recruiting and training lay leaders


143) DOCARE
How much time does your principal rabbi spend in the following areas? Time spent providing pastoral care (visiting the sick, counseling people)


144) DOTEACH
How much time does your principal rabbi spend in the following areas? Time spent teaching people about Judaism and Torah


145) DOSMALL
How much time does your principal rabbi spend in the following areas? Time spent leading small groups (for sharing, support, spiritual growth)


146) DOADMIN
How much time does your principal rabbi spend in the following areas? Time spent in administration, supervision and committee meetings


147) DOREPRES
How much time does your principal rabbi spend in the following areas? Time spent representing the congregation in the community


148) WORKYADS
How much time does your principal rabbi spend in the following areas? Time spent engaging youth and young adults


149) DEALARGU
How much time does your principal rabbi spend in the following areas? Time spent dealing with conflict and disagreements


150) SPEGROUP
During the past three years, has your principal rabbi met regularly with other rabbis or ministers in a small group for continuing education and support?


151) YEARSMET
If Yes, for how long has your leader participated in such a group? _____ years


152) MONTHMET
If Yes, for how long has your leader participated in such a group? _____ months


153) RABBIWED
Rabbiweds3k


154) MIXED
Mixeds3k


155) FULLORD
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Full-time paid employees; ordained professionals (rabbis and cantors)


156) PARTORD
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Part-time paid employees; ordained professionals (rabbis and cantors)


157) FULLCANT
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Full-time paid employees; cantors with investiture (professional training)


158) PARTCANT
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Part-time paid employees; cantors with investiture (professional training)


159) FULLADM
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Full-time paid employees; lay administrative professionals


160) PARTADM
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Part-time paid employees; lay administrative professionals


161) FULLPROG
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Full-time paid employees; lay program professionals (including musicians)


162) PARTPROG
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Part-time paid employees; lay program professionals (including musicians)


163) FULLEDU
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Full-time paid employees; educators (principal, teachers, etc.)


164) PARTEDU
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Part-time paid employees; educators (principal, teachers, etc.)


165) FULLSEC
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Full-time paid employees; clerical or secretarial employees


166) PARTSEC
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Part-time paid employees; clerical or secretarial employees


167) FULLCUST
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Full-time paid employees; custodial or maintenance employees


168) PARTCUST
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Part-time paid employees; custodial or maintenance employees


169) FULLOTH
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Full-time paid employees; other employees of the congregation


170) PARTOTH
How many people are employed by your congregation including your principal rabbi? Write in number of: Part-time paid employees; other employees of the congregation


171) MIXVOLS
Do the same people tend to serve in volunteer leadership roles year after year, or does your congregation rotate volunteer service among a larger number of people?


172) JOINT_N
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? No involvement in joint worship services with other denominations or faith groups


173) JOINT_Y1
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? Yes, joint worship services with other groups in your faith tradition


174) JOINT_Y2
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? Yes, joint worship services with other faith traditions


175) CELEB_N
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? Joint celebrations, fairs, meals or cultural events: No


176) CELEB_Y1
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? Joint celebrations, fairs, meals or cultural events with other denominations: Yes


177) CELEB_Y2
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? Joint celebrations, fairs, meals or cultural events with other faith groups: Yes


178) EDFEL_N
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? Educational or fellowship activities: No


179) EDFEL_Y1
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? Educational or fellowship activities with other denominations: Yes


180) EDFEL_Y2
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? Educational or fellowship activities with other faith groups: Yes


181) COMM_N
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? Community service activities: No


182) COMM_Y1
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? Community service activities with other denominations: Yes


183) COMM_Y2
During the past 12 months, has your congregation been involved in any of the following interfaith activities? Community service activities with other faith groups: Yes


184) CONCASHN
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Finances or budget: No


185) CONCASH1
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Finances or budget: Yes, but it was not serious


186) CONCASH2
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Finances or budget: Yes, some people left 


187) CONCASH3
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Finances or budget: Yes, some people withheld donations


188) CONCASH4
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Finances or budget: Yes, leader or staff member left


189) CONWORSN
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? How worship is conducted: No


190) CONWORS1
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? How worship is conducted: Yes, but it was not serious


191) CONWORS2
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? How worship is conducted: Yes, some people left


192) CONWORS3
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? How worship is conducted: Yes, some people withheld donations


193) CONWORS4
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? How worship is conducted: Yes, leader or staff member left


194) CONPROGN
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Program priorities: No


195) CONPROG1
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Program priorities: Yes, but it was not serious


196) CONPROG2
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Program priorities: Yes, some people left


197) CONPROG3
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Program priorities: Yes, some people withheld donations


198) CONPROG4
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Program priorities: Yes, leader or staff member left


199) CONSYNNO
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Actions of denomination or supervisory body: No


200) CONSYN1
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Actions of denomination or supervisory body: Yes, but it was not serious


201) CONSYN2
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Actions of denomination or supervisory body: Yes, some people left


202) CONSYN3
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Actions of denomination or supervisory body: Yes, some people withheld donations


203) CONSYN4
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Actions of denomination or supervisory body: Yes, leader or staff member left


204) CONLEADN
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Rabbi's leadership style: No


205) CONLEAD1
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Rabbi's leadership style: Yes, but it was not serious


206) CONLEAD2
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Rabbi's leadership style: Yes, some people left


207) CONLEAD3
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Rabbi's leadership style: Yes, some people withheld donations


208) CONLEAD4
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Rabbi's leadership style: Yes, leader or staff member left


209) CONLACTN
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Rabbi's personal behavior: No


210) CONLACT1
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Rabbi's personal behavior: Yes, but it was not serious


211) CONLACT2
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Rabbi's personal behavior: Yes, some people left


212) CONLACT3
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Rabbi's personal behavior: Yes, some people withheld donations


213) CONLACT4
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Rabbi's personal behavior: Yes, leader or staff member left


214) CONMACTN
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Member's personal behavior: No


215) CONMACT1
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Member's personal behavior: Yes, but it was not serious


216) CONMACT2
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Member's personal behavior: Yes, some people left


217) CONMACT3
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Member's personal behavior: Yes, some people withheld donations


218) CONMACT4
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Member's personal behavior: Yes, leader or staff member left


219) CONFACNO
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Use of facilities: No


220) CONFAC1
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Use of facilities: Yes, but it was not serious


221) CONFAC2
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Use of facilities: Yes, some people left


222) CONFAC3
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Use of facilities: Yes, some people withheld donations


223) CONFAC4
During the past five years has your congregation experienced any disagreements or conflict in the following areas? Use of facilities: Yes, leader or staff member left


224) BUDGET
What was the approximate dollar amount of your congregation's total budget for 2009? (Do not count funds for capital improvements or primary/secondary schools) _____


225) PCTSTAFF
Of this total budget amount, estimate the percent that was spent in each of the following categories in 2009 (or most recent fiscal year). Staff salaries and benefits


226) PCTBLDGR
Of this total budget amount, estimate the percent that was spent in each of the following categories in 2009 (or most recent fiscal year). Building operations (utilities, mortgage, insurance, maintenance, etc.)


227) PCTPROG
Of this total budget amount, estimate the percent that was spent in each of the following categories in 2009 (or most recent fiscal year). Program support and materials (for religious school, evangelism, education, etc.)


228) PCTDENOM
Of this total budget amount, estimate the percent that was spent in each of the following categories in 2009 (or most recent fiscal year). Denominational dues


229) PCTOTHER
Of this total budget amount, estimate the percent that was spent in each of the following categories in 2009 (or most recent fiscal year). All other expenditures


230) FINANCES
How would you describe your congregation's financial health today and five years ago? Today


231) FINAN05
How would you describe your congregation's financial health today and five years ago? 2005


232) ECONOMY
How would you assess the impact of the 2008-2009 economic crisis on your congregation's income?


233) LAYOFFS
How would you assess the impact of the 2008-2009 economic crisis on your congregation in the following areas? Impact on Congregational Staff and Operations: Staff layoffs or furloughs


234) PAYCUTS
How would you assess the impact of the 2008-2009 economic crisis on your congregation in the following areas? Impact on Congregational Staff and Operations: Staff salary reductions or salary freeze


235) DELAYS
How would you assess the impact of the 2008-2009 economic crisis on your congregation in the following areas? Impact on Congregational Staff and Operations: Delays in filling staff positions


236) INVEST
How would you assess the impact of the 2008-2009 economic crisis on your congregation in the following areas? Impact on Congregational Staff and Operations: Funds available from investments or savings account


237) MISSION
How would you assess the impact of the 2008-2009 economic crisis on your congregation in the following areas? Impact on Congregational Staff and Operations: Funds available for denominational dues


238) CAPITAL
How would you assess the impact of the 2008-2009 economic crisis on your congregation in the following areas? Impact on Congregational Staff and Operations: Capital campaign or building program


239) COUNSEL
How would you assess the impact of the 2008-2009 economic crisis on your congregation in the following areas? Impact on Individuals: Requests for pastoral counseling


240) CASHNEED
How would you assess the impact of the 2008-2009 economic crisis on your congregation in the following areas? Impact on Individuals: Requests for cash assistance


241) HOUSNEED
How would you assess the impact of the 2008-2009 economic crisis on your congregation in the following areas? Impact on Individuals: Requests for emergency housing


242) NOWORK
How would you assess the impact of the 2008-2009 economic crisis on your congregation in the following areas? Impact on Individuals: Unemployment among members


243) YRORG
In what year was your congregation officially founded?


244) PLACE
How would you describe the location of your place of worship?


245) SEATING
What is the approximate seating capacity of the space where your largest worship service is held?


246) WORSHSIZ
How adequate are the following for the current needs of your congregation? Space for worship


247) PARKSIZ
How adequate are the following for the current needs of your congregation? Space for parking


248) ROLE
I am a(n)... (If retired, please answer with respect to your major career during your work life.)


249) ROLEOTH
I am a(n)... (If retired, please answer with respect to your major career during your work life.) Other


250) DENOM
What is your congregation's specific denomination? (e.g., Orthodox, Conservative, Reform, Reconstructionist, Independent Minyan, etc.)


251) WTRESP
Weight


252) I-SIZPLACE
How many persons (including children) regularly participate in worship or other religious activities in your congregation? (Recoded for use with online analysis)


253) I-THEOLOGY
How would you describe the theological outlook of the majority of your regularly participating adults? (Recoded for use with online analysis)


